hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we are
talking about the 1999 film Star Wars
Episode one The Phantom Menace so let's
get started for those who aren't aware
the Star Wars films were not exactly
released in chronological order I will
be releasing these film summaries in the
order of episode numbers not based off
of the year that the film was actually
released the film opens with an
organization known as the Trade
Federation imposing a blockade on a
planet known as Naboo due to taxation on
trade routes the Galactic Republic the
government of most of the central
planets in the galaxy
dispatches two Jedi Knights Master
qui-gon jinn and his apprentice obi-wan
Kenobi to investigate the matter the
short explanation of who the Jedi's are
is they are warriors that use weapons
called lightsabers and have special
powers which they harness through
something called the force the Jedi's
are viewed as the good guys
throughout the films the Trade
Federation is working under the
direction of Darth Sidious a Sith Lord
thus its are kind of the evil opposite
of the Jedi more of the dark side of the
force the Jedi arrived to negotiate with
Viceroy Gunray the leader of the
Federation however the Viceroy is
ordered to kill the Jedi and invade the
planet of Naboo with a droid army the
Jedi escaped hiding aboard one of the
Droid landing ships and arrive on the
planet Naboo the Jedi meet the Gungan
Jar Jar Binks who takes them to the
secret underwater Gungan City the leader
of the Gungans is unwilling to help the
surface civilization of Naboo from the
droid invasion but does give the Jedi
transport to the Naboo capital city the
Jedi then rescue Queen Amidala the
Democratic leader of the Naboo people
and escape Naboo though their ship is
severely damaged the damaged ship lands
on the desert planet of Tatooine in
order to repair its hyperdrive qui-gon
Jar Jar a droid named r2d2 and Queen
Amidala is handmaiden pad
I'll go to the city of Moss ESPA to find
the parts that are needed they find a
shop owned by an alien named Watteau
and his slave an annual boy named Anakin
Skywalker Anakin is a skilled engineer
having built a robot assisted droid
named c-3po Anakin is also a talented
podracer a type of dangerous high-speed
racing qui-gon can tell that Anakin has
an extremely strong tie to the force and
appears to be the chosen one that the
Jedi prophecy foretells of the one that
should bring balance to the force
Ivan tries to use his money that they
have in order to buy their parts but
Watto is not interested in their foreign
currency through a series of events
qui-gon make us a bet with water that if
Anakin wins the next big pod race that
they will get all the parts of the need
and Anakin will also be freed qui-gon
also tries to barter for Anakin's mother
Shmi but is unsuccessful Anakin wins the
race and they get the hyperdrive they
need Anakin is freed and Anakin vows to
become a Jedi one day and will find a
way to free his mother with her ship
repaired they traveled to the Galactic
Republic capital of Khorasan so Queen
Amidala can plead for aid for Naboo
before the Galactic Senate under the
recommendation of Naboo Senator
Palpatine Queen Amidala issues a vote of
no-confidence for the current chancellor
the leader of the Galactic Republic
while she is doing this
qui-gon takes Anakin before the Jedi
Council to a quest that he be trained as
a Jedi the council feels that he is too
concerned with his emotions and he has
potential to be swayed to the dark side
of the force
qui-gon vows however to train Anakin
himself Queen Amidala is frustrated with
the corruption in the Senate and cannot
wait for the vote of no-confidence to go
through so she returns back to the
planet of Naboo with the jedi on Naboo
the han mated Padme reveals that she is
actually Queen Amidala and the actual
Queen has actually been involved in film
much more than the audience had
initially thought they enlist the aid of
the Gungans who now want to aid in
defeating in the droid army it's a three
part attack with the Gungans attacking
the droids on land the Naboo army
attacking the Federation control ships
in
space and the jedis and Padme capturing
the Viceroy Anakin ends up getting into
a Starfighter and destroys one of the
Droid control ship while qui-gon and
obi-wan battle against Darth Maul Darth
Sidious Sith apprentice Darth Maul ends
up killing qui-gon and obi-wan kills
Darth Maul Obi one now pledges to train
Anakin in the ways of the Jedi Viceroy
Gunray is captured Senator Palpatine is
elected to the Supreme Chancellor and a
large celebration happens on Naboo now
that they are free from the Trade
Federation which ends the film so that
was the spoilers for Star Wars Episode
one The Phantom Menace we will be
spoiling all of the Star Wars films
before the theater release of episode
seven so please look out for those if
you have any other films that you'd like
to see me spoil please let me know in
the comments below check out movie
spoiler alerts on our various forms of
social media listed below and remember
to like and subscribe thanks for
watching